print: add page (#15597)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/print.md

# print

> Z Shell (`zsh`) builtin. Prints arguments, similar to `echo`.
> See also: `echo`, `printf`, `zsh`.
> More information: <https://zsh.sourceforge.io/Doc/Release/Shell-Builtin-Commands.html>.

- Print input:

`print "Hello" "World"`

- Print separated by newline(s):

`print -l "Linel" "Line 2" "Line3"`

- Print without trailing newline:

`print -n "Hello"; print "World"`

- Enable backslash escapes:

`print -e "Line 1\nLine2"`

> - Print arguments as described by 'printf'. Note: For greater portability across shells use `printf`:

Reviewer: Not sure I understand the `Note:` here? Are you suggesting that users should use the `printf` command instead, or that `print -f` works as a replacement and provides greater portability?

Assuming the latter, then, what about this?
```suggestion
- Print arguments as described by 'printf' (for greater portability across shells, consider instead the `printf` command):
```

Reviewer 2: This comment was set to resolved despite not being addressed.

Reviewer 2: @gsspdev Can you address this issue?
